PRIVATE NOTES — ABOUT 5 MINUTES

0:00 — ALICE
Sign in as Alice. Send Bob a note:
Subject: Presentation rehearsal
Body: Hi Bob, shall we rehearse at 10:00?

Say: "Supabase checks the password and returns a session. The page attaches
the access token when it asks the API to send this note. Supabase determines
the sender from the token, so the form cannot simply choose to be Bob."

0:45 — BOB
Sign out. Sign in as Bob. Read Alice's note, click Reply and send:
"Hi Alice, yes. See you at 10:00."

Say: "Bob's token opens Bob's inbox. A valid Alice token opens Alice's inbox,
not Bob's. Authentication tells us who you are; RLS restricts the rows you
are allowed to read."

1:30 — ALICE'S REPLY
Sign out, sign in as Alice and read the reply. Reload the page.

Say: "This page restores its saved session from localStorage. It sends the
token again and the server still checks access. It does not save the password."

2:00 — FIND AND DECODE THE TOKEN
Chrome DevTools > Application > Local Storage > this site.
Select team3-supabase-session-v1. Identify access_token, refresh_token and user.
In DevTools Console, run these lines (no external JWT-decoding website needed):

const demoSession = JSON.parse(localStorage.getItem('team3-supabase-session-v1'));
const demoCore = await import('/core.mjs');
const demoClaims = demoCore.decode(demoSession.access_token).payload;
console.table({ user: demoClaims.sub, email: demoClaims.email, role: demoClaims.role,
  expires: new Date(demoClaims.exp * 1000).toISOString() });

Say: "These are readable claims, not the password. Decoding does not verify
the signature. Supabase verifies the token before the request reaches RLS."
Keep the full credential out of shared notes/recordings.

3:00 — BUILT-IN API PLAYGROUND
No separate Postman app needed. Follow API-PLAYGROUND.txt.
Open API playground, leave Attach bearer token unchecked, Read my inbox:
show the missing Authorization header and the actual HTTP 401.
Sign in as Bob, click Use signed-in token, repeat: show HTTP 200 and Bob's inbox.
Uncheck the token and repeat the SAME request: 401 again.
Say: "The token is the credential on this request. The server decides what
this identity may read. The local Node server is only serving the page."

4:00 — TOKEN THEFT / ACCESS BOUNDARY
Sign in as Alice, Use signed-in token, then sign out on the normal page.
The page inbox clears, but the masked token attached in the panel remains.
Read my inbox may still return Alice's notes until JWT expiry.
Optionally send another harmless invented note to Bob through the panel.
Say: "Someone with this bearer token can act as Alice without her password.
Signing out clears the browser session and revokes its refresh capability;
it does not erase an access-token copy already held elsewhere."

Optional: Read a selected person's inbox > Bob, with Alice token: 200 [].
First show Bob can read a known existing note with Bob's token.
Try sending as another person > Claimed sender Bob > To Alice, with Alice
token: 403. These are separate database permissions, not just login status.
Clear token when finished. The panel never prints or exports the credential.

4:45 — HANDOFF
"My teammate will explain Google sign-in. This demo covers password login,
session storage and what the token permits."

PASSWORD EXPLANATION (DOCUMENTED, NOT A HASH-INSPECTION DEMO)
The browser sends email/password directly to Supabase over HTTPS.
Supabase stores salted bcrypt hashes and checks the supplied password.
Hashing is not encryption that can be reversed to recover the password.
The Node server here only serves files; it never processes login credentials.

DO NOT OVERCLAIM
This is not end-to-end encrypted messaging. A project administrator can read
the database. The copied token may also allow other account actions exposed
by the provider; the limits above concern this demo and the original password.
We did not test natural expiry by waiting. Google OAuth is not implemented here.
