ON YOUR MAC — ABOUT TWO MINUTES AFTER NODE IS INSTALLED

1. Install Node.js LTS from https://nodejs.org/ (choose the macOS installer).
2. Open Terminal and paste these three lines:

   git clone https://github.com/RandRise/supabase-login-explained.git
   cd supabase-login-explained/login-demo
   npm start

3. Open http://127.0.0.1:8772 in Chrome, Safari or Firefox.
   Leave Terminal open. Ctrl+C stops the server.

If git asks for Apple's command-line tools, install them and repeat step 2.
Alternative: GitHub > Code > Download ZIP. Extract it, open Terminal in the
login-demo folder, and run node server.mjs. No npm install step is needed.

ON THE ORIGINAL LAPTOP
In the app: Connection settings > Export settings.
Move reports-connection.public.json to the Mac (AirDrop, USB, or a private message).
It includes only the project URL and publishable key, not passwords or tokens.

BACK ON THE MAC
Connection settings > Import settings > select that JSON file.
Close settings and sign in as Alice using the same demo password.
Click Download my report, then test Request report without a token.
You use the existing Supabase project; no SQL, new users or new project required.
If the first laptop has not been configured yet, follow START-HERE.txt first.

BEFORE YOUR PRESENTATION
Use this laptop/browser to rehearse. Confirm internet access and that Supabase
is not paused. Share the browser window; keep account settings out of view.
Sign in first and keep the inspection panel collapsed for the opening screen.
Tokens captured for replay stay only in memory, so capture again after a reload.
Normal login is saved in this browser. Private/incognito windows start fresh.

UPDATES LATER
Stop the server with Ctrl+C. From the repository folder, run git pull, then
start it again. If you made your own source edits, inspect them before pulling;
do not reset or discard files blindly.

Optional local setup: a presenter may keep login-demo/connection.local.json
with the same format as the exported public-settings file. The server exposes
it as /connection.public.json, and the app uses it only when this browser has
no saved connection. It must contain only format, url and a publishable key.
The file is ignored by Git. This laptop has one; a fresh clone can use Import
settings. It never transfers a password or an authenticated session.
