BEHIND THE LOGIN — SUPABASE FROM THE START
Team 3 / Mayerfeld Practicum
8 October 2026

WHAT THIS IS
A guided, real-provider classroom demo. Supabase handles password checks,
session tokens and the database access rules. The small local Node server only
serves the page. There is no local-auth mode, fake login or AI API.

You will show one private note, inspect the actual Supabase token, reload the
page, and test a copied token. Speaking notes are visible beside each step.
Google sign-in is an explanatory diagram; a real Google OAuth integration is
not included and is not needed for the password/token demo.

BEFORE THE SESSION — DO THESE FOUR THINGS

1. OPEN YOUR OWN SUPABASE TEST PROJECT
Go to https://supabase.com/dashboard and sign in yourself.
If you do not have an account, complete signup yourself.
Create a separate test project. Choose the available free plan if suitable and
check its current limits. Set its database password yourself. Wait for the
project to become ready. The app does not use that database password.

2. CREATE THE TWO USERS
Authentication → Users → Add user / Create user (labels may vary).
Create and confirm:
  alice@test.invalid   password: DemoAlice!2026
  bob@test.invalid     password: DemoBob!2026

These passwords are deliberately public TEACHING values, not private account
passwords. Use this only in a test project containing invented data.
Choose Auto Confirm User / Confirm email. Do not use Invite: .invalid addresses
cannot receive email. If your project rejects either example password under
its password policy, choose a different invented password and type that one
in the app. You create the credentials yourself.

3. CREATE THE NOTES
Open setup.sql from this folder in a text editor.
In your test project's SQL Editor, create a new query, paste the entire file
and Run ONCE.

It verifies both users are confirmed, creates a new isolated table, enables
RLS and seeds one invented private note for each user automatically.
You do not enter records or copy UUIDs.
It does not edit any course app table, grant write access to browser users or
disable RLS. If the table name already exists, inspect the collision or use a
fresh test project. Do not delete anything blindly.

4. CONNECT THE APP
Extract this ZIP into a normal folder.
Install a supported Node.js LTS release from https://nodejs.org/ if needed.
Windows: double-click start-demo.cmd.
Mac/Linux: open a terminal in this folder and run node server.mjs.
No npm install, GitHub repo, branch or deployment is required.
Leave the terminal running. Open http://127.0.0.1:8772.

Copy Project URL and publishable key from Supabase's Connect dialog.
Settings → API Keys is another place to find the publishable key.
Enter these in Setup:
  https://YOUR-PROJECT-REF.supabase.co
  sb_publishable_...

Never enter a secret or service_role key. The app refuses those.
Save project & check the table.
Enter Bob's invented password and click Verify Bob's example.
Then Close setup. Sign in as Alice using her invented password.

That's the preparation. Keep the Supabase dashboard out of screen share;
the app contains everything needed for the walkthrough.

YOUR REHEARSAL
1. Sign in as Alice. Confirm a real /auth/v1/token request returned HTTP 200.
2. Inspect: find the actual token in DevTools and point out sub, exp and iss.
3. Remember: read Alice's note, then click Reload this page. It should return.
4. Copy & test: run evidence checks. Bob's known note should be unavailable.
5. Capture token → Sign out → Replay copy. Read the actual HTTP response.
6. Google: explain the diagram. It is labelled as a diagram, not a real login.

The unchanged token must read Alice's known note before altered-token results
are treated as evidence. Bob's baseline must exist in the same project.
A request error is INCONCLUSIVE, not a security success.
If DATA EXPOSED appears, fix the demo table's rules before presenting.

TOKEN EXPIRY
The app displays Supabase's actual expiry. It does not force a 90-second timer,
forge a provider response, or change your project's settings.
Supabase access tokens commonly last around one hour. Do not spend an hour
waiting during the presentation. Show the exp claim and explain it; if you
want an expired-token replay, record it in advance after its actual expiry.
Editing exp is a tampering test, NOT proof of natural token expiry.
Refresh is manual here. A stored expired access token can be refreshed using
Refresh my session if the refresh token is still accepted.
Logout revokes the session's refresh token; a copied access JWT may remain
accepted by the Data API until expiry. Additional server checks can change this.

IF SOMETHING DOESN'T WORK
Invalid login: confirm the user exists, is confirmed and the password matches.
Missing table / 404: run setup.sql after creating both confirmed users.
No known notes: check that SQL completed successfully in this same project.
401 on data: inspect the response; expiry, key or token errors can differ.
NETWORK ERROR: check the connection, project URL and whether the project is ready.
Port busy: close an old server terminal, or use PowerShell:
  $env:PORT='8773'
  node server.mjs
Then open http://127.0.0.1:8773. Do not double-click index.html directly.

WHAT TO SEND YOUR GROUP
Send this ZIP, discord-message.txt and PRESENTATION.txt. A localhost link
works only on the computer running the app. The presenter can share their
screen; other teammates do not need accounts or installs.
Do not send access/refresh tokens, private project keys or real passwords.

LIMITS
Tokens are deliberately observable in localStorage for teaching. An XSS bug
could read them. This is not a production session-management template.
This app calls Supabase's REST endpoints directly so requests are easy to show.
The official SDK is appropriate for many production projects.
Only read access to the invented notes is demonstrated. The experiment does
not prove every endpoint in a larger app is secure.
Close the server with Ctrl+C and sign out afterwards.

See VALIDATION.txt for exactly what has been tested. Real Supabase connection,
SQL execution and browser rehearsal must be completed against your test
project before presenting the demo as verified.
